docs: replace STUB marker in guides index page (#161)
avivkeller/webpack-doc-kit: pages/guides/index.md

# Guides

> This section contains guides for understanding and mastering the wide variety of tools and features that webpack offers. The first is a guide that takes you through [`getting started`](/guides/getting-started).

Reviewer: Why are the links `` `enclosed in backticks` ``?

Author: Just design, do u need to remove backticks ?!

Author: Hmm, u r right. We didn't use to do this like that.

Reviewer 2: please remove

[`Learn more about optimization!`](/guides/optimization/build-performance)

### Modern Web Platform

Keep up with modern web standards. Discover how to natively bundle CSS, configure Progressive Web Applications (PWAs), and implement Web Workers seamlessly.

[`Discover modern web platform features!`](/guides/modern-web)

### Modules & Dependencies

Understand how webpack handles different module types and dependencies. Dive into ECMAScript Modules (ESM), package exports, and advanced entry point configurations.

[`Master modules and dependencies!`](/guides/modules-and-dependencies/dependency-management)

### Tooling & Integration

Integrate webpack perfectly into your broader tech stack. Find out how to author your own libraries, set up TypeScript, and ensure Content Security Policy (CSP) compliance.

[`Learn about tooling and integration!`](/guides/tooling-and-integration/authoring-libraries)

### Migration

Are you upgrading from an older version of webpack? We provide step-by-step guides to help you transition smoothly to the latest major releases.

[`Check the migration guides!`](/guides/migration)

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!TIP]
```

Author: In [webpack.js.org/guides](https://webpack.js.org/guides/), it marked as warning, so WDUT?!

Reviewer 2: i prefer tip, here

[Learn more about optimization!](/guides/optimization/build-performance)

### Modern Web Platform

Keep up with modern web standards. Discover how to natively bundle CSS, configure Progressive Web Applications (PWAs), and implement Web Workers seamlessly.

[Discover modern web platform features!](/guides/modern-web)

### Modules & Dependencies

Understand how webpack handles different module types and dependencies. Dive into ECMAScript Modules (ESM), package exports, and advanced entry point configurations.

[Master modules and dependencies!](/guides/modules-and-dependencies/dependency-management)

### Tooling & Integration

Integrate webpack perfectly into your broader tech stack. Find out how to author your own libraries, set up TypeScript, and ensure Content Security Policy (CSP) compliance.

[Learn about tooling and integration!](/guides/tooling-and-integration/authoring-libraries)

### Migration

Are you upgrading from an older version of webpack? We provide step-by-step guides to help you transition smoothly to the latest major releases.

[Check the migration guides!](/guides/migration)

> [!TIP]

> > The output shown from running webpack in the guides may differ slightly from the output of newer versions. This is to be expected. As long as the bundles look similar and run correctly, then there shouldn't be any issues. If you do come across an example that seems to be broken by a new version, please [`create an issue`](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-doc-kit/issues/new/choose) and we will do our best to resolve the discrepancy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
authors: moshams272
---

# Guides

This section contains guides for understanding and mastering the wide variety of tools and features that webpack offers. Start with [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started) to learn the basics, then work through the rest at your own pace.

The guides increase in complexity as you progress. Each one serves as a starting point — once you've worked through it, you should feel ready to dive into the full [documentation](/docs).

- [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started) — Learn the core concepts, build your first bundle, and set up a basic webpack configuration
- [Core Workflows](/guides/core-workflows/asset-management) — Manage assets, set up hot-reloading development, and prepare optimized bundles for production
- [Optimization](/guides/optimization/build-performance) — Split code into smaller chunks, leverage browser caching, and use tree shaking to eliminate dead code
- [Modern Web Platform](/guides/modern-web) — Natively bundle CSS, configure Progressive Web Applications (PWAs), and implement Web Workers
- [Modules & Dependencies](/guides/modules-and-dependencies/dependency-management) — Work with ECMAScript Modules (ESM), package exports, and advanced entry point configurations
- [Tooling & Integration](/guides/tooling-and-integration/authoring-libraries) — Author your own libraries, set up TypeScript, and ensure Content Security Policy (CSP) compliance
- [Migration](/guides/migration) — Step-by-step guides for upgrading smoothly to the latest major releases

> [!TIP]
> The output shown in these guides may differ slightly from what you see with newer versions of webpack. As long as your bundles look similar and run correctly, there's no cause for concern. If you find an example that seems broken by a newer release, please [open a PR](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-doc-kit/issues/new/choose) and we'll do our best to resolve the discrepancy.
```

Reviewer: shorter alternative, wdyt @ovflowd?

Reviewer 2: SGTM

Reviewer 3: SGTM too!
